When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    There are a couple of occasions that I want to use a remote repository, such as 
    when several people work on a same project, when I want to share my own code with 
    others, when I want to backup my work in case my own computer collapse.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    If having Git automatically stay up-to-date with the remote repository, then
    there may have conflicts between local version and remote version. Fox example,
    someone in your team has a commit while you are working on the same file, if
    automatically updating, it's not at the right time, and the conflicts are not
    easy to resolve, it's better manually updating, let you decide when to pull 
    remote repository.
    
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?

    A branch is a list of connected commits, a git repository may contains many 
    branches, the branches are connected. Git clone copies a repository from remote 
    or local, after copy, they have the same contains. when you fork a github 
    repository, your repository is linked to that repository.
    When copy from remote to local, using clone. When you want to make a copy of other
    github repository, using github fork to let your repository link to the other. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored 
locally?

    With "git fetch" we can get a copy of the last known state of the remote stored
    locally which is "origin/master". The remote repository name is "origin", the
    remote branch name is "master". There is also a local version of our project.
    With that local copy, you can work off-line, even no internet connection, you
    can use "git diff" against local version, and you can work local version separately,
    you can also merge the two, but if the remote version changed after you last
    fetch, you have to fetch the rmeote and merge again before you push your work
    to the remote github.
    
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and 
what would be harder?

    When I worked at the same project with others, without git or github, I col-
    laborate with others through meeting. First we had a functional separate of the
    project, reduce the overlap as much as possible. But there must had some occa-
    sions two or more people had to change same file, or same functional module,
    through discuss and good programming practice, we could do a good job, solve
    the problem beautifully, but sometime it's very pain.
    
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in 
master? What benefits does each approach have?

    When we have new features added to the project, or a fix need to be done, we'd
    better have a new branch, and make changes in the new branch, after thoroughly 
    test, if there is no bugs and the work is well done, then merge to the master.
    We may have many branches are way ahead of the master branch, so we have stable
    version, also have development, testing version, and etc. The project can be 
    well organized.